magento/merchdocs#1103: Allow Reorders from customer account (#1105)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/reorders-allow.md

   No|Disables reorders.

1. Click <span class="btn">Save Config</span>.

## Reorder from Storefront

> Customer may initiate the reorder functionality for a particular order from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customer can initiate the reorder functionality for a specific order from two pages:
```

- “My Orders” page

- “Order View” page

## My Orders

“Reorder“ button is always displayed in the list with Orders (even if all products from the order is not available for reorder).

![]({% link images/images/My order page view.png %}){: .zoom}

**Case 1.** All products from the order are **available** for Reorder

User will be redirected to the Cart and all products are added to the Cart

![]({% link images/images/shopping-cart-page.png %}){: .zoom}

**Case 2.** Some/all products from the order are **non-available** for Reorder

The "Reorder" button will not appear on the "My Orders" and "View Order" pages.

> ![]({% link images/images/my-orders-view-page1.png %}){: .zoom} 

Reviewer 2: @EvheniiaKolkhiieva , please remove a space at the end of sentence.

Thank you!

## Order view page

**Case 1.** All products from the order are available for Reorder

User will be redirected to the Cart and all products are added to the Cart

**Case 2.** Some/all products from the order are **non-available** for Reorder

The "Reorder" button will not appear on the "My Orders" and "View Order" pages.

> ![]({% link images/images/order-view-page.png %}){: .zoom} 

Reviewer 2: The same here.

> ## Cart isn’t empty 

Reviewer 2: The same here.

> In case if Cart is not empty and user will click on 'Reorder' button (from “My Orders”  or “Order View” pages), the existing products will be added to the Shopping cart with the recorder products 

Reviewer 2: The same here.

> ![]({% link images/images/shopping-cart-view1.png %}){: .zoom}  

Reviewer 2: The same here. After `{: .zoom}`

## Reorder from Admin Panel

> 1. Open the Orders grid 

Reviewer 2: The same here.

> 1. Click the 'View' button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **View**.
```

> 2. Click the 'View' button

Reviewer 2: Please use `1`:

```
1. Click the 'View' button
```

> “Reorder“ button is displayed on top menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   _Reorder_ is displayed in the top button bar.
```

> ![]({% link images/images/order-view-admin.png %}){: .zoom}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![]({% link images/images/order-view-admin.png %}){: .zoom}
```

> ![]({% link images/images/order-view-admin.png %}){: .zoom}  

Reviewer 2: The same here. After `{: .zoom}`

> After clicking the "Reorder" button the "Create New Order"page with reorder products will open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   After you click **Reorder**, the _Create New Order_ page opens with reorder products.
```

> ![]({% link images/images/create-reorder-page.png %}){: .zoom}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![]({% link images/images/create-reorder-page.png %}){: .zoom}
```
